Release v2.5.0 (#1400)
precice/precice: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. For future plans, see our [Roadmap](https://www.precice.org/fundamentals-roadmap.html).

## 2.5.0

- Added 3D support to Linear Cell Interpolation mapping (`<mapping:linear-cell-interpolation >/`) using tetrahedra. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1337)
- Added C and Fortran bindings for setMeshTetrahedron (`precicec_setMeshTetrahedron` and `precicef_set_tetrahedron`). (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1382)
- Added a clang-tidy CI and enforced the updated clang-tidy format. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/999)
- Added a new interface file `precice/Version.h`, which provides version macros `PRECICE_VERSION_MAJOR`, `PRECICE_VERSION_MINOR`, `PRECICE_VERSION_PATCH` as well as the stringified version `PRECICE_VERSION`. Use the convenience macro `PRECICE_VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL(2,4,0)` to check for compatibility. `SolverInterface.hpp` and `SolverInterfaceC.h` now include `Version.h` to simplify macro usage on older version lacking the header. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1392)

> - Added checks during the establishmnet of intra participant communication in order to safeguard against common issues. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1290)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added checks during the establishment of inter-participant communication in order to safeguard against common issues. (https://github.com/precice/precice/pull/1290)
```

Author: Ah yes, will include it in the release commit.
